Add README to hardhat-network-helpers (#2847)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: packages/hardhat-network-helpers/README.md

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@nomicfoundation/hardhat-network-helpers.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@nomicfoundation/hardhat-network-helpers)

# Hardhat Network Helpers

> The Hardhat Network Helpers are a set of utility functions to interact with the [Hardhat Network](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-network/docs). You can read their full documentation [here](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-network-helpers/docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hardhat Network Helpers is a library that provides a set of utility functions to interact with the [Hardhat Network](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-network/docs). You can read their full documentation [here](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-network-helpers/docs).
```

This change uses Hardhat Network Helpers as a proper name.

### Installation

We recommend using npm 7 or later:

```
npm install --save-dev @nomicfoundation/hardhat-network-helpers
```

### Usage

> Import it and use it in any of your files. For example, this script mines some blocks and then prints the block number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import it and use it in any of your files. For example, this [Hardhat script](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/docs/advanced/scripts) mines some blocks and then prints the block number.
```

Better to tell the users that this is meant to be run with Hardhat.
